Update URLs for deploy (#1048)
pingcap/docs: dev/how-to/deploy/orchestrated/ansible.md

- [The cluster topology of a single TiKV instance on each TiKV node](#option-1-use-the-cluster-topology-of-a-single-tikv-instance-on-each-tikv-node)

>     In most cases, it is recommended to deploy one TiKV instance on each TiKV node for better performance. However, if the CPU and memory of your TiKV machines are much better than the required in [Hardware and Software Requirements](/op-guide/recommendation.md), and you have more than two disks in one node or the capacity of one SSD is larger than 2 TB, you can deploy no more than 2 TiKV instances on a single TiKV node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In most cases, it is recommended to deploy one TiKV instance on each TiKV node for better performance. However, if the CPU and memory of your TiKV machines are much better than the required in [Hardware and Software Requirements](/dev/how-to/deploy/hardware-recommendations.md), and you have more than two disks in one node or the capacity of one SSD is larger than 2 TB, you can deploy no more than 2 TiKV instances on a single TiKV node.
```
